Deprecate PG9.6 and PG10 for 1.7.0 (#355)
timescale/docs.timescale.com-content: getting-started/installation-apt-debian.md

This will install TimescaleDB via `apt` on Debian distros.

> **Note: TimescaleDB requires PostgreSQL 11.4 or later. Support for
> PostgreSQL 9.6.3+ and 10.9+ is deprecated and may not be supported in
> a future release.**

Reviewer: This reads a bit like "support for foo... is not supported". I suggest tweaking:

```suggestion
**Note: TimescaleDB requires PostgreSQL 11.4 or later. Support for
PostgreSQL 9.6.3+ and 10.9+ is deprecated and may be removed in
a future release.**
```

This applies also to the other places where this occurs.
